c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.pdb
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.pdb
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\obj\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\obj\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.dll
c:\users\kamal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectronicColorCode\ElectronicColorCode.Tests\obj\Debug\ElectronicColorCode.Tests.pdb
